Add PKI EST configuration support (#2246)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault: website/docs/r/pki_secret_backend_config_est.html.md

---
layout: "vault"
page_title: "Vault: vault_pki_secret_backend_config_est resource"
sidebar_current: "docs-vault-resource-pki-secret-backend-config-est"
description: |-
  Sets the EST configuration on a PKI Secret Backend for Vault.
---

# vault\_pki\_secret\_backend\_config\_est

Allows setting the EST configuration on a PKI Secret Backend

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "vault_mount" "pki" {
	path        = "pki-root"
	type        = "pki"

>     description = "PKI secret engine mount"

Reviewer: nit: indentation
```suggestion
	description = "PKI secret engine mount"
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault/pull/2246/commits/5f5961a4a31806fc4509223e1234830c7a669590

I actually fixed the lines above to match up with the indentation across the rest of the example.

  }
  authenticators { 
	cert = { 
      "accessor" = "test", 
      "cert_role" = "cert-auth-role" 
    } 
	userpass = { 
      "accessor" = "test2" 
    } 
  }
  enable_sentinel_parsing = true
  audit_fields = ["csr", "common_name", "alt_names", "ip_sans", "uri_sans", "other_sans",
    "signature_bits", "exclude_cn_from_sans", "ou", "organization", "country",
    "locality", "province", "street_address", "postal_code", "serial_number",
    "use_pss", "key_type", "key_bits", "add_basic_constraints"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) The namespace of the target resource.
  The value should not contain leading or trailing forward slashes.
  The `namespace` is always relative to the provider's configured [namespace](/docs/providers/vault/index.html#namespace).
  *Available only for Vault Enterprise*.

* `backend` - (Required) The path to the PKI secret backend to
  read the EST configuration from, with no leading or trailing `/`s.

* `authenticators` - (Optional) Lists the mount accessors EST should delegate authentication requests towards (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authenticators))

> * `default_mount` - Is this mount providing the cluster's default EST mount

Reviewer: nit: Ideally we try to match up with Vault's documentation for the field as much as possible
```suggestion
* `default_mount` - (Optional) If set, this mount will register the default `.well-known/est` URL path. Only a single mount can enable this across a Vault cluster
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault/pull/2246/commits/5f5961a4a31806fc4509223e1234830c7a669590

* `default_path_policy` - (Optional) The behavior of the default_mount when enabled

> * `enable_sentinel_parsing` - (Optional) Are fields from the provided CSR parsed out for Sentinel policies

Reviewer: nit: in line with above
```suggestion
* `enable_sentinel_parsing` - (Optional) If set,  parse out fields from the provided CSR making them available for Sentinel policies.
```

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-vault/pull/2246/commits/5f5961a4a31806fc4509223e1234830c7a669590

> * `enabled` - (Required) Is the EST feature enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `enabled` - (Required)  Specifies whether EST is enabled.
```
